TINY-8874: Dragging CEF element toward the edges doesn't cause scrolling when the edge of the editor is hidden (#8048)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/katamari/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Added a `Repeatable` type to the `Singleton` module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `Repeatable` API to the `Singleton` module to repeat a function at a fixed interval.
```
Maybe? Just that it's not a `type` so that's misleading.

## 9.0.0 - 2022-03-03

### Added

> - Added a `Repeatable` type to the `Singleton` module

Reviewer 2: This should be in a new Unreleased section above the 9.0.0 version and also I think the version.txt needs a bump or the library.

Author: Since this is a new type I also bumped the version to `9.1.0-rc`. Is that correct ?

Reviewer: No that's not correct... TinyMCE is managed by lerna. I'd suggest reading the contributing docs 😉 https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#version-management

Reviewer: So if something needs a minor/major bump we track that by adding the version change to `versions.txt` as Spocke mentioned. In this case though that's already been done because of previous changes so it can be skipped this time.

Author: And I should rollback the change in `package.json` right ?

Reviewer: Yes, as noted in the contributing document the versions in the package.json should never be edited manually.
